Hello Ms. Yen, I was born in 1994 and
my girlfriend was born in 1997. We both fall under the "Five
Evil Spirits" zodiac sign. Can we get married? If
not, is there any way to resolve this?
Regarding the "Five
Evil Spirits" sign, I've only learned a
little about it. It's said to have been created by a
Chinese emperor named Fu.
I've heard a
lot about it, and many of
my friends are also confused about
what to do if they or their girlfriends fall under this sign.
Many people have
broken up because of this. Therefore, I hope you, as the
person answering this question, can share with
the viewers about
compatibility and the "Five Evil Spirits" sign.
I'll share my understanding based
on the Buddhist principle of karma;
nothing is
fixed. Let me just
give you an example: Quân and I
had a misunderstanding.  We ca
n't just pray and make amends to
resolve misunderstandings; we
have to talk to each other to understand each other better, to show empathy
and understanding for what
has happened. We
don't accept something as
predetermined and unchangeable.
If
you say you were in a past life and that
you
're destined for this life by the five evil spirits,
that's still wrong.
We are only destined by
what we are. Firstly, if we are born foolish,
mentally ill, or crazy, we have to accept it. Secondly,
if we are born
white or black, we have to accept it. Thirdly, if we are
born tall or short, we have to
accept it. That's what we have to accept.
Anything we can handle through our
thoughts, we know, can be transformed.
For example, the lives of two people are
entirely handled through our
thoughts, so nothing is predetermined
for us because thoughts have inherent power.  It's
not predetermined.
Nothing that belongs to thought can be
predetermined, so we don't
accept the idea of ​​destiny. That's
why the Buddha taught that impermanence is permanent. If
something is impermanent,
meaning it changes, then we consider
it unchanging, fixed, permanent. That's a wrong view, and wrong views
lead to
loss of blessings. If you, as someone who goes to
fortune tellers and believes in these preconceived notions, are the
ones
losing your own blessings, not
your girlfriend. If
you keep believing in fortune telling and feng shui, then
you will
lose blessings in many aspects: economic,
career, and many other things. And if you choose
teachers who lack knowledge, then you
have a teacher within yourself:
your own thinking and discernment. You can
distinguish between good and
evil deeds. When your heart is inclined
towards goodness, then...  You will find
good friends in Buddhism, with both
primary and secondary karmic rewards, if you
always do good deeds. If you pray for
yourself to do good and always do
good to others, then
your secondary karmic reward will immediately be good. That is, the husband is the
primary karmic reward, the wife is the secondary karmic reward. The wife is the primary karmic reward, the
husband is the secondary karmic reward. That is, relying on
that. So you just need to become better.
Then anyone who comes to you
will also become a good person. Therefore,
you shouldn't follow a viewpoint
that was just set by a king,
not by an enlightened person or
a founder of the Dharma. It's not like that, so
this superstition is
wrong. Now, I just need to say that
if during wartime, during a
war with foreign invaders, at that time,
all the women had to stay at home while
their husbands went away and sacrificed themselves, never
returning. Wouldn't everyone think they all ended up in the
palace of the five demons, all of them
killing their husbands? That's not it.
People go for ideals. Isn't that just a matter of
thinking?
That's the way of thinking, it's not about which zodiac sign it is. So in
this day and age, we should
n't let outdated, feudalistic ideas—those
lacking critical thinking and
discernment from the
old days, like feng shui and superstition—
spread
rampant because they only develop for
monetary gain. We shouldn't be
like that. Why do Western countries focus on
developing
human character and thus develop their countries, while we don't focus on developing human character and
instead create
these feng shui directions, compatible and incompatible ages? That's
what makes us stagnant and
unable to develop. It's
not because of the age. In the past, there were
12 zodiac signs, and now there are also 12 zodiac signs.
Now I'll only talk about one thing:
incompatibility. People say the Tiger, Monkey, Snake, and Pig are four conflicting
signs, or the Dragon, Dog, and Ox are four conflicting signs.
Now I'll just
say Dragon and Dog. Actually, it's
a dragon...  The dragon is in the sky, but the dog
is in the house; what conflict is there between them? The
dragon spitting water is its job. So what about the
dog? How could it
conflict with its job? That's illogical, isn't it? Even I
find it absurd. Then there's the goat and the
buffalo; each animal minds its own business.
They don't conflict with each other.
Now try releasing a goat
and a buffalo; see if they avoid each other. Then try releasing a dragon and a dog; see if they
conflict. Even cats in the same house don't conflict. Dogs and cats
play together like friends. So,
you're making assumptions about what
others say that have no logic at all.
Therefore, I advise you to abandon
these wrong views. Completely abandon them and
return to cultivating your morality.
Love those who
you feel are compatible with you, and if there are any
incompatibilities,
adjust them according to the law of karma. When two people
do good and abandon evil, their blessings
increase. That's why the
ancient masters said...  Is it really about cultivating virtue to bring blessings to your
child,
or is it about virtue itself, not age?
Therefore, I hope that the younger generation
won't let this superstition ruin their
lives. Yes, I
sincerely thank you, teacher. Hopefully,
after hearing Ms. Yen's sharing, you will
determine for yourselves
that you shouldn't worry too much about outdated prejudices
from the
past that hinder
your relationships. In love,
we sometimes can't avoid
differences and conflicts, but I hope
that you two can harmonize with each other and
rely on the Three Jewels, doing good deeds
to accumulate merit so that you will
have more good karma and blessings, and
perhaps you will have a
more fulfilling happiness in the future. I sincerely
thank you, teacher.
[music]
ho